Yaoyao
How are you
Mr. Luo
It's always been me
People who love you
The only person who is good to you is me.
Now I know Tang Yao the whole time
It got together with Du Xihe
A woman like him
Not worthy of you at all
nonsense
Our cooperation is over
Don't let me talk to you again
I heard you say bad things about him
Don't even appear in front of me
From now on, all I have is to play against you and your heart
Is it only Qiangyao?
Yes
roll
It's You
Look at this pear blossom with rain is really a big star
If you're here to mock me
That doesn't change.
How could I be mocking
Have you ever heard a saying
The enemy of my enemy is my friend
Lu Shi's investment in Tang's is only a thin line away
The silver lining is in your hands right now.
Do you want to watch
Does Tang kiln's career and love double harvest?
Su Xiao, why are you here?
What about Lu Xue? Is he there too?
Ah my child child